[WINC-582]: Added documentation for BYOH to the Windows Container section. (#35313)
openshift/openshift-docs: windows_containers/configuring-byoh-windows-instance.adoc

[id="configuring-byoh-windows-instance"]

> = Configuring Bring-Your-Own-Host (BYOH) Windows instances

Reviewer: See my later comments. I think this title is your first procedure title and possibly not the assembly title, which could instead be something more general, such as "Using BYOH Windows instances as nodes".

> 

Reviewer: You'll need to add a few things to the header metadata here:
`include::modules/common-attributes.adoc[] `(line 3)
`:context: <configuring-byoh-windows-instance>` (line 4)

`toc::[]` (line 6)

-NEED AN INTRO-

> == Prerequisites

Reviewer: This prereqs header needs a preceding unique ID, such as: `[id="prerequisites_configuring-byoh-windows-instance"]`

Reviewer: Also, a procedure must be in the form of a module nested within an assembly. So you might want to reconsider hosting these prereqs in the module, not at the assembly level. They would only make sense at the assembly level if they apply entirely to _all_ procedures in the assembly. Not sure they do in this case. If they're specific to just configuring, then it can be formatted this way (and without a unique ID as I mentioned in the previous comment):

> `.Prerequisites`

Any Windows instances that are to be attached to the cluster as a node must fulfill the following requirements:

* The Docker container runtime must be installed on the instance.
* The instance must be on the same network as the Linux worker nodes in the cluster.
* Port 22 must be open and running an SSH server.
* Port 10250 must be open for log collection.
* An administrator user is present with the private key used in the secret set as an authorized SSH key.

> * The hostname of the instance must follow the link:https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc1123[RFC 1123] DNS label standards, which include:

Reviewer: The lead-in seems like it is missing a noun, so I suggest a slight rewording to something like:

```suggestion
* The hostname of the instance must follow the link:https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc1123[RFC 1123] DNS label requirements, which include the following standards:
```

> ** Contain only lowercase alphanumeric characters or '-'.
> ** Start with an alphanumeric character.
> ** End with an alphanumeric character.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** Contains only lowercase alphanumeric characters or '-'.
** Starts with an alphanumeric character.
** Ends with an alphanumeric character.
```

> == Procedure

Reviewer: As mentioned above, this procedure should be in a separate module and use the syntax `.Procedure` rather than an h3 (`==`).

> . Create a ConfigMap named `windows-instances` in the WMCO namespace that describes the Windows instances to be added.

Reviewer: - s/ConfigMap/config map (see https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#general-references for guidance on using generics vs. literals in OCP docs)
- Do you want to define WMCO on first instance here? I'm not certain, but seems like that would be "Windows Machine Config Operator"?

+
[NOTE]
====

> Each entry in the data section of the ConfigMap should be formatted with the address as the key and a value with the

Reviewer: - s/ConfigMap/config ma
- You might also want to consider switching to active voice, such as something like:

> Format each entry in the config map's data section by using the address as the key while formatting the value as `username=<username>`.

format of `username=<username>`.
====
+

> .Example ConfigMap

Reviewer: config map

[source,yaml]
----
kind: ConfigMap
apiVersion: v1
metadata:
  name: windows-instances
  namespace: openshift-windows-machine-config-operator
data:
  10.1.42.1: |- <1>
    username=Administrator <2>
  instance.dns.com: |-
    username=core
----

> <1> An address to SSH into the instance with. This can be a DNS name or an IPv4 address.

Reviewer: s/into/in to 
I suspect this is similar to IBM Style Guide: 

> **log into** _verb_
> Do not use. Use "log in to".

<1> The name of the administrator user created in the prerequisites.

> == Removing BYOH Windows instances

Reviewer: This should also be a separate module that you can reference with an include statement here in the assembly file.

You can remove BYOH instances attached to the cluster by deleting the instance's entry in the ConfigMap. Deleting an instance reverts the instances back to their state prior to adding to the cluster. Any logs and container runtime artifacts are not added to these instances.

For an instance to be cleanly removed, it must be accessible with the current private key provided to WMCO. For example, to remove the `10.1.42.1` instance from the previous example, the ConfigMap would be changed to

> the following:

Reviewer: same info here about "config map"
Also, "Deleting an instance reverts the instances" is unclear to me. Does deleting revert all other instances? If so, you could try something like, "Deleting an instance reverts all other instances back." If not, you could clarify to something like, "Deleting an instance reverts that instance..." (if that's even correct) 😁
